can we get one thing straight right now
please can luis suarez stop fighting
people not because of any danger or harm
or risk that he might pose to any other
player but can we just stop having a
suffer the surge of puns and
ridiculous memes because it's boring
it's even more boring in fact than Costa
Rica England okay maybe not that boring
welcome to the guardian World Cup show
news we feel a bit like the parent of a
teenager caught doing meth this morning
ignoring the fact isn't going to make it
any better so at the very least let's
just try and get through this without
either of us needing years of counseling
so where to start the incident itself
the histrionics or some of the reactions
flying around on social media while we
may be disappointed any fading celebrity
or brand needing a bandwagon to hop on
to had a field day with McDonald's and
Listerine amongst the most effectively
cynical exploiters and it even brought
back former bike victim and the social
media savvy Evander Holyfield out of
retirement
getting his tweet in quick and just to
add insult to injury Suarez's post
attack play-acting completed proceedings
and turn the whole incident into the
equivalent but angry man punching a wall
and then wondering why the wall isn't
the one with the broken hand which
leaves us asking the question why
well maybe the BBC's Danny Murphy summed
it up most succinctly there's something
wrong in their head with him and I mean
that in the nicest possible way just to
be clear he was talking about Suarez so
maybe the biggest question you should be
asking is what what fake thighs in store
for Suarez well with that in mind we
sent merrick rawad to find out I'm going
on the streets again to find out what
sort of punishment people think FIFA
should give Suarez for me it's an
automatic ban shouldn't even fly in the
World Cup should be banned from the
World Cup whilst he should get a
punishment he should also be be looked
into almost for his mental stability
banned former international football for
a couple of years personally I think
it's disgraceful the guy should be
banned for a considerable period of time
these people are role models and you
know he shouldn't
any further part in this national
football I aim and for life lots of
people said stuff what was it I don't
know back to you thanks Marek so that's
what they think what about you what
punishment do you think Suarez should
get let us know in the comments below I
wish I'd put a fiver on it happening but
as you can see we spent all the World
Cup show budget on this wonderful set
besides this Norwegian guy got there
first
if Suarez being the first player in the
tournament to bite someone wasn't much
of a surprise card happy referee Marco
Rodriguez nicknamed little Dracula not
punishing him was thought the Rodriguez
was that bothered having already upped
his red card count to 52 in 80 games
that is Mario Balotelli did his best to
make it 53 with this me dive off the
turnbuckle but perhaps most
disappointingly of all shortly after the
game the serene and studied Cesare
Prandelli resigned nice job Luis and
just when he thought England couldn't be
more underwhelming the Costa Rica game
came along supposedly heralding the dawn
of a new era it ended the Gerrard and
Lampard in the middle and Rudi on the
right at least the game won most
ambiguous signs spotted in the crowd
award thanks Gerard elsewhere the golden
generation of Ivory Coast managed to
beat themselves conceding an injury-time
penalty to Greece to go out of the
tournament that's the Greek team who
haven't scored in over 18,000 earth
hours for two girls in 90 minutes
presumably makes them a golden
generation - by their standards and FIFA
is announced it's been unable to bring
charges over German fans wearing
blackface makeup during the match
against Ghana meaning the two fans
spotted off the hook at well maybe we
still think a massive bellend
Nigeria are the only team in the
tournament yet to concede a goal in fact
the Super Eagles have kept a clean sheet
for 221 consecutive World Cup minutes
the African side have never beaten South
American opposition at a World Cup but
they have every chance here with
Argentina converting just 8 percent of
their shots with lien or Messi their
only goal scorer thus far that's just
about it for today's news let us know
what you think about Luis Suarez on
Prandelli and
for that matter in the comments below
coming up a little bit later on we're
previewing all the big games with Danny
Higginbottom in the studio so don't
forget to subscribe if you haven't
already we'll see you later